the T GMC communities for Institute
comprehensive care coachman are here at
central lafourche high school coach how
our practice is looking so far well you
know up to this point uh you know you
know just like you said just glad to be
outside I'll bandage am so much I think
we're gonna put some term for this and
get a great all gym team but you know
we're able to you got the last couple of
days and we just looking forward to the
seat you're blessed repair job we're are
some of your returning players that
you're most excited we got looking you
know the two junior wide receivers are
back in the point next day and Robinson
I mean II tried to have those guys back
and looking forward to see what they can
do for this year defensively you know we
get for starters back they'd all been
big for us you gotta Larry oh I'm sorry
you gotta save your triplet you got
Austin Guidry who's moving from free
down the linebacker you got Norma Tell
and you got Joel Weaver I think those
cool kids right there are really you
know the leaders on our defense they you
know they've started for a couple years
now we excited to see how they
progressive bringing some of India's
young defense
and coach and you've been doing this a
while man just just talk about you know
what keeps motivating you have to doing
this so long I think it's just uh every
years different every team is different
I talk to our team our time about this
is the only 2016 central the flutes
trojan football team that's ever going
to be a be here there's no other team
but that in two thousand so I think
every year having its own different
identity its own you know group of
leaders and how you watch kids girl for
when they freshmen and seniors I think
keeps me motivated and I think when you
got a staff as young as we got you know
I think that keeps me going to